_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: Scientist<br>
          National Radio Astronomy Observatory<br>
          Editor-in-Chief for the Publications of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific (PASP)

profile:
  align: left
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>ER326</p>
    <p>520 Edgemont Road</p>
    <p>Charlottesville, VA 22903</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I am a Scientist at the [National Radio Astronomy Observatory](https://science.nrao.edu) in Charlottesville Virginia.  My main areas of research are in the study of the star formation process in galaxies and radio telescope design and characterization.  I am also Editor-in-Chief of the [Publications of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific (PASP)](https://iopscience.iop.org/pasp).

I grew up in the small Northern California farming community of [Orland](https://www.cityoforland.com/).  I received my B.A. degree in Astronomy from the University of California at Berkeley, and my M.A. and Ph.D. degrees in Astronomy from the University of Virginia. In addition to astronomy, I like to build things with microcontrollers (weather stations, LED lamps, IoT bird feeders, etc.) using the [CircuitPython](https://circuitpython.org) programming language.

Commit message:

Update about.md to add scholar section

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: Scientist<br>
          National Radio Astronomy Observatory<br>
          Editor-in-Chief for the Publications of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific (PASP)
scholar:
      order: "desc"  # Optional:  Change to "asc" to reverse the order
      # Add other scholar options if needed

profile:
  align: left
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>ER326</p>
    <p>520 Edgemont Road</p>
    <p>Charlottesville, VA 22903</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I am a Scientist at the [National Radio Astronomy Observatory](https://science.nrao.edu) in Charlottesville Virginia.  My main areas of research are in the study of the star formation process in galaxies and radio telescope design and characterization.  I am also Editor-in-Chief of the [Publications of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific (PASP)](https://iopscience.iop.org/pasp).

I grew up in the small Northern California farming community of [Orland](https://www.cityoforland.com/).  I received my B.A. degree in Astronomy from the University of California at Berkeley, and my M.A. and Ph.D. degrees in Astronomy from the University of Virginia. In addition to astronomy, I like to build things with microcontrollers (weather stations, LED lamps, IoT bird feeders, etc.) using the [CircuitPython](https://circuitpython.org) programming language.
